for behold the day is coming burning
for behold the day is coming burning like an oven and all the proud yes all
like an oven and all the proud yes all
like an oven and all the proud yes all who do wickedly will be stubble and the
who do wickedly will be stubble and the
who do wickedly will be stubble and the day which is coming shall burn their
day which is coming shall burn their
day which is coming shall burn their mouth that will leave them neither root
mouth that will leave them neither root
mouth that will leave them neither root nor branch but to you who fear my name
nor branch but to you who fear my name
nor branch but to you who fear my name the Sun of righteousness shall arise
the Sun of righteousness shall arise
the Sun of righteousness shall arise with healing in his wings and you shall
with healing in his wings and you shall
with healing in his wings and you shall go out and grow fat like Stoll fed cards
go out and grow fat like Stoll fed cards
go out and grow fat like Stoll fed cards you shall trample the wicked for they
you shall trample the wicked for they
you shall trample the wicked for they shall be ashes under the soles of your
shall be ashes under the soles of your
shall be ashes under the soles of your feet on the day that I do this remember
feet on the day that I do this remember
feet on the day that I do this remember the law of Moses my servant which I
the law of Moses my servant which I
the law of Moses my servant which I commanded him in Horeb for all Israel
commanded him in Horeb for all Israel
commanded him in Horeb for all Israel with the statutes and judgments behold I
with the statutes and judgments behold I
with the statutes and judgments behold I will send you Elijah the Prophet before
will send you Elijah the Prophet before
will send you Elijah the Prophet before the coming of the Great and dreadful day
the coming of the Great and dreadful day
the coming of the Great and dreadful day of the Lord and he will turn the hearts
of the Lord and he will turn the hearts
of the Lord and he will turn the hearts of the father's to the children and the
of the father's to the children and the
of the father's to the children and the hearts of the children to their fathers
hearts of the children to their fathers
hearts of the children to their fathers lest I come and strike the earth
lest I come and strike the earth
lest I come and strike the earth with a curse